Backports for 3.7.2 (#14438)
bokeh/bokeh: docs/bokeh/source/docs/releases/3.7.2.rst

.. _release-3-7-2:

3.7.2
=====

> Bokeh version ``3.7.2`` (March 2025) is a patch release that fixes a number of
> minor bugs/regressions and documentation issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bokeh version ``3.7.2`` (March 2025) is a patch release that fixes a regression.
```
